# Assignment

## What is `NPM`?

### NPM is not a node package manager(this is not officially called). It is a package manager that runs on a node javascript runtime environment. NPM is the world's largest registry for software. it is used to manage a lot of other packages in their database which is called a registry and NPM can update/modify/ install through CLI (Command Line interface - i.e our terminal).
---

##  What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
### These are bundlers. It is a tool to package our code and its dependencies in a single file/ module/ package.
**We need these bundlers in our project to minify our code in a single file and also it is used to make our website load faster in the browser.**
>1. **we use bundlers to load faster on the user screen.**
>2. **it compresses assets like media files in a much better way for performance.**
>3. **it is also used for the development environment to make our work faster through many algorithms they have like - HMR(Hot module replacement), Caching while development, Faster Algorithm, etc.**
>4. **Bundler optimizes the delivery of code and also helps in minimizing code that is only required for production use.** 
---
## What is `.parcel-cache`?
### `.parcel-cache` is a folder created when you start or restart your development server using `npx parcel <entry point of file code>`.
### More on, It was created because of the `Caching` technique used by Parcel. What is parcel saying?  that the `.parcel-cache` folder automatically tracks all the `dev dependencies` / `plugin` / `Any files` that are used in your builds (means development). So when making any changes to your code.De to caching it rebuilds the change since the last time it ran.
---
## What is `npx`?
### To understand npx we need to understand 2 - 3 terminology - 
>1. **`Locally` installed package ?**
>2. **`Globally` installed package ?**
>3. **`package.json` file.**
  >> **`Locally` installed packages are kept in the same directory that you are working on and these installed packages are kept inside the `node_module` folder and specific to only that project.**
  >>
  >> **`Globally` installed packages installed in your system and these packages are not only specific to that project only. you can work with packages in any projects that are in your system.**
  >>
  >> **If you want to run a package using npm you need to create a `package.json` file or it will get created when you installed any packages using npm. it is better to create a package.json file first.**
### `npx` is used to execute the installed packages that are locally or globally installed
### `npx` will check whether the package exists in $PATH, or the local project binaries and if so it will execute it.
### `npx` is also used to execute a package that does not exist or is installed in your working directory $PATH without installing it in your directory.
---
## What is the difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
### `dependencies` - For example, you have your project that is dependent on the piece of code or packages installed by npm. which we need in a global environment that is called dependencies.
> **Like - `react` and `react-dom` is required in `production build` that `packages` should be inside the `dependencies` key in your package.json.**
### `devDependencies` - `Packages` that are only required for the `development` use case that is called `devDependencies`
> **Like - testing packages**
---
## What is `Tree Shaking`?
### `Tree Shaking` is a mechanism used by modern bundlers(Webpack, Parcel, and RollUp). It will just shack off your code ( funny right :) ). No Worries, it will not hamper your code base that depended on each other. `Tree Shaking` mechanism only shakes off your `dead code`. It is used to eliminate unnecessary code from your final bundle(a.k.a single file/module/package). Leaving behind only code that is used in your application.
> **you might be thinking about what is dead code.
> dead codes are codes that are never executed in your program. it will make your code base with unnecessary clutter.**
---

## What is `Hot Module Replacement`?
### `Hot Module Replacement` is a technique used by modern bundlers(web pack / parcel) for updating code without fully refreshing the page in your browser. `HMR` updates a code by replacing an old code with a new code.
---
## What is `.gitignore`?  What should we add and not add to it?
### `.gitignore` is a file that we create in our working directory. Which is used to ignore files/folders that we don't want to track in our git repo.
### The files or folders we should put in `.gitignore` that can be autogenerated by your system or packages like `node_module`or that can be generated by the server.
### The files or folders we should not add in `.gitignore` that are required in your production build and development builds like `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files.
---
## What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
### `package.json` is a file used to manage a project's dependencies. It lists all dependencies that are installed in your project with the project name, version, scripts, etc.
### `package-lock.json` on the other hand automatically generated when you installed any dependencies in your project. This work as a record of `package.json`
> **This ensures that your project uses the exact version of its dependencies.**
> 
> **This also ensures that your project is installed consistently across all environments.**
> 
> **This also ensures the record of the `node_module` folder**
> 
> **It's a good idea to commit both package.json and package-lock.json to version control so that other developers working on the project can easily reproduce your dependencies.**
---
## Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
### It is not a good idea to modify the `package-lock.json` file because it gets created when you have already installed the dependencies. So then It will conflict with the `package.json` dependencies that you have already installed. It will hamper your project.
